[[Maya]] had solid food for the first time! We first tried porridge, strawberry flavoured, but she didn't like it and was a bit sleepy so we left it for a bit. Later she tried peas, and pulled a face like, "what the hell is this?". Not impressed. Later again we gave her bannana which she really enjoyed and she actually swallowed quite a bit. She plays with the spoon and tries to bat it away when Sade brings it to her mouth. Once the food is in her mouth she swallows which is brilliant. [[Maya]] was so bouncy and happy after eating the banannnana. Topped her up with milk after and she was so happy. Her rash is fading and she is still in good spirits, though a bit tired. We are all tired and it could be because of our busy couple of weeks. We had a lovely nap after lunch, well, me and [[Maya]] slept, Sade was holding [[Maya]] and couldn't really sleep - she said we look identical when we are asleep. [[Maya]] loves sitting in her high chair. It's nice for her to be at our eye level and even look down on us while we eat. She cracks up when Sade drinks from a glass. She thinks it's so brilliant and loves touching the glass. She has this really deep chuckle that's amazing. It's a one off laugh like "Hurgh!". She laughs rarely, so it's a treat when she does. She keeps them back until she is really impressed. She smiles a lot and is happy, just doesn't laugh so much. Tonight is the first time [[Maya]] sleeps in her own room! It's warm and bright today and our room, which she has been sleeping in is far too hot for her. Her room has a blackout blind and is much cooler and quieter. She seems ok in there so far - fingers crossed! 
