Maya had a rash on her tummy and legs when we changed her nappy this morning. Despite her being in good spirits and seeming as if nothing was wrong we got her checked out at the hospital. First there was a nice doctor in the trauma unit who Maya liked very much. He said it looked OK and wasn't probably anything serious in his opinion, but offered us the opportunity to go to the children's hospital and get it checked out by a specialist. We took quite a round about route to get there, and we were carrying Maya on our hips, so she could see everyone as we walked down the corridors. She smiled and burbled at everyone we saw, and it was such a delight to see people's faces light up when they see her. She is such a joy. In the children's hospital a doctor with a beard checked her and again wasn't too fussed, but the rash had already spread since we had seen the other doctor an hour earlier, and we were very grateful that we had taken her in. This doctor said that in the case of unknown rashes that aren't causing other symptons, they usually just gather other doctor's opinions and monitor for a few hours to make sure it doesn't get worse or develop other symptons. We waited a few hours, saw another nurse and it had seemed to get better so we were able to leave. Maya was happy as larry the whole time and even had a nap. Me and Sade were given some mash potatoes, gravy, carrots and peas for lunch, which was very nice of them. After leaving we went to IKEA and got Maya a high chair! We may give her food tomorrow! Me and Sade had quorn hotdog, chips and coke at IKEA and it was amazing. Sade kept telling me off for saying "fuck" in the children's hospital but said "shit" really loudly in front of kids in IKEA. When I said "fuck" it was quiet and we were the only people in the ward. Oh yeah, they had a lovely aquarium with goldfish in the foyer of the children's hospital. The fish looked really healthy and all swarmed near Maya when we put her near them. She loved it. There was a funny little brown fish that was eating all the muck off the inside of the glass. He was going back and forth and eventually fell asleep while his mouth was still twitching.
