Mon we had a snow weekend best weekend in ages. The uni shut down on Thursday at 10.00am so I was home by lunch. Sade and Maya were with Nom, Obi and Dave. Later in the evening, when the snow was coming I popped to ASDA for supplies beer, crisps and cider. Proper snow over thursday night. Really deep. All trains cancelled, roads closed, shops shut. Amazing. We made a snow man, which was a bit crap as the snow was really fine and powdery, so really hard to stick together. Maya called the snowman Olaf and we gave him a carrot for a nose and chocolate buttons for eyes. On saturday we went for a walk and Maya did some really good snow walking she loved it. When she was tired she rode in our improvised sled an IKEA tray attached to a bike lock cable. she was so brave and adventurous. She took a few rolls because of the bumpiness, but just got back on so much fun. Me and Sade had had a bit of a thing in the morning and I was a bit of a dick, but the sled and walk really brought us back together. We stopped in ASDA and got some treats and then went home. Maya watched a lot of Peter Rabbit and Paddington upstairs while me and Sade drank beer and cider and played games. We all had crisps and Maya had a tea of chicken nuggets, potatoes and broccoli in the TV room. Me and sade sat with her while she had her tv picnic and watched peppa pig. It does make it really hard only being me and sade, so there is no one to take maya so we can get some time just me and her, but it does mean we are a really tight unit and when its good, its amazing. On sunday we went for another walk and got chips in a cafe by the beach. On the way home we had a snowball fight. Maya really got into it and was running at me and sade throwing snow. Brilliant weekend. Trains are on now so on the train to work in a week i will most likely have forgotten what the snow looks like. Olaf is just hanging in there but he will leave us today.
