Mon we moved a couple of weeks ago from 13 Southesk Place, CF62 6SL to 55 Clive Road, CF62 5UY. This is on the island and is ~5 doors down from Barry Island Primary School, which is where we hope Maya will go for nursery and then stay on for primary school. Al took Maya for the friday and saturday of the move, which was essential and allowed us to get fully sorted on that weekend, though it was still a huge rush. Me and Sade fell ill the following week with the flu and were proper stay at home ill. If it was possible we would have been bed bound. Maya was really really good esp. since we didnt go out for about five days. She watched quite a lot of tv and has really gotten into Peter Rabbit. She does this really gorgeaus thing where she wants to play Peter Rabbit, so she'll say "You be Mr. Fox and I be Peter Rabbit" and I pretend to chase her. She totally freaks out though so we usually end up pretending that I am Benjamin Rabbit and we go digging vegetables together saying "Lets hop to it." When sade plays she is usually Lily Rabbit and we all dig vegetables together, though if i am Mr. Fox Maya hides behing Sade's legs really cute. Maya's imagination is really developing at the mo, and the play we all have is so fun. She asked for tv when we were ill, but she'd had a lot that day, so we said no more, and she asked for "just a little bit. just a tiny bit of tele" in the cutest voice while tilting her head and doing a small sign with her fingers. We both cracked up, so she asks for tele a lot like that now. She loves chocolate, so yesterday she had a good lunch and it was the weekend, so sade gave her a piece of chocolate after lunch. The look on her face as she eats is pure delight. sh really savours it too and kept saying "i have a ginomrous bit yum." she also had cholocate muffin later that day and when sade gave it to her she chanted "chocoloate cake, chocolate cake" and she took about an hour to eat it. A constant battle at the moment is sit down meals she needs to be really encouraged and coaxed to eat and can be so distracted when we sit down to tea. it's just that meal and aside from that she's really well behaved we are very lucky. There are still the usual toddler dramas and she is so vocal about what she does and doesnt want, so there are tantrums, but that's all they are, and they soon pass. It feels like this new home will do us so much good. We're ten minutes from both beaches and have lovely walks and play parks on our doorstep. It feels like we're starting to relax into living after the constant moving and upheaval with illness and sades stomach ulcer. We are all happy after a lovely weekend.
