last night just after [[Sadie]] and I finished having sex [[Maya]] walked in and asked "what are you doing?" "what the heck are you doing".  Me and Sade were naked and cuddling post coitus and cracked up - I don't think I will ever forget the look on [[Maya]]'s face. 

[Coronavirus latest: UK targets asymptomatic Covid cases with plans to expand testing | Financial Times](https://www.ft.com/content/36ccbc6c-eaa3-35f0-81f6-649c492b0881?emailId=5fc532c1bd396400049f715f&segmentId=2785c52b-1c00-edaa-29be-7452cf90b5a2#post-57822)

> 9 hours ago12:43
> 
> # Wales to ban pubs and bars from selling alcohol
> 
> _Andy Bounds in Huddersfield_
> 
> Hospitality businesses in Wales cannot serve alcohol and must shut at 6pm from Friday under tighter restrictions outlined by the devolved government to clamp down on coronavirus infections.
> 
> "Pubs, bars, restaurants and cafes will have to close by 6pm and will not be allowed to serve alcohol," said Mark Drakeford, first minister, on Monday. "After 6pm they will only be able to provide takeaway services."
> 
> Indoor entertainment venues, including cinemas, bingo halls, bowling alleys, soft play centres, casinos, skating rinks and amusement arcades will close from Friday. The measures will be reviewed on December 17, Mr Drakeford said.
> 
> Museums, galleries and heritage sites will have to close, but outdoor visitor attractions will remain open.
> 
> Support of £340m will be on offer to about 70,000 affected companies, including those in supply chains, he said.
> 
> Larger companies that pay business rates will receive payments of between £3,000 and £5,000 while smaller companies can get up to £2,000.
> 
> Unlike England, which has banned indoor household mixing in areas covering 98 per cent of the population, Wales still allows four people from different households to meet in cafes and pubs.


