# Tuesday, January 12, 2021

# Today's Intentions

- [x] [[dahengenquiry-2021-01-07]] [[quote]]
- [x] covid test 11.30
- [s] [[1921]] bnl plots
  - [x] get ken's draft manual
- [x] [[khachiwan-buakor]] winston cone enquiry
- [x] peter's compressor repair
  - [x] email cryomech






# Log / notes

- community transmission of south African [[covid]] variant in UK (uh-oh)
- sent meter readings to nina estates re deposit
- the song "my heart" by neil young from "sleeps with angels" just floored me. comes on randomly while i am at work. I have to fight back the tears. I feel sad and empty, that I miss my [[dad]] even though I have grown to resent him greatly. I feel like I want to go back to the security of that time, that even though it was shit, and dark (in my memories, it's always night, with poor lighting), I miss the certainty. I spent my whole life waiting to escape and I would hate to be there, but I, in hindsight, feel like I fitted in, even though I didn't feel it at the time. It was simpler and I was certain in my thoughts, place and direction. I was getting the fuck out of there. The music player has the image of the cover and it's another sensory reminder - I remember holding that cd case and getting the cd out. The cd is [[neil young]]s take on kurt cobains suicide. I was massively into nirvana at the time and could have bonded with my [[dad]] over that, but neither of us are good at talking, especially about [[emotions]], so, we didn't. 
- [[sadie]] had a much better day. [[Lowen]] was happier and [[Maya]] was pretty chilled. They had a lovely walk to the "dragon realm" then came home, gave maya a shower and watched shrek. Difference when i get home is palpable. They also drew photos of what they saw yesterday [[2021-01-11]]. Really cool ones of Jackie and Jeff.


