tag state:             										 #ACTIVE   
current work type:										[[support]]	     
last edit:        												[[2021-01-26]]    
last note:             										files sent, wait for response, 
last action:            									wait	
description:           										NbTES
customer:              										[[BESY]]

```options
tag: ACTIVE, RESOLVED, QUOTE, SALE
type: [[sales]], [[support]], [[job]], [[development]]
description: [[QNbB]], [[InSb]], [[GeGa]], [[Pyro]]
```

# [[2021-01-21]] [[AlexanderVerber]] emails asking for help getting system on a [[spectrometer]]

Dear Mr. Cox,

About 2 years ago we (Ulrich Schade, IRIS beamline- BESSY synchrotron) purchased PT403 cryogenic THz detector system (Model QNbB/PTC, Serial No 2557, Proforma Invoice 1927 from December 11th, 2019).

Currently we are mounting the detector to a spectrometer and I would like to have a drawing of the bolometer to design properly the interface between the devices. In particular I would like to know position of the detector and the Winston cone and design of the 300K window holder.  Would it be possible to get some drawings?

Thank you a lot in advance!

Best regards,

Alexander Veber

\------------------------------------------------------------------

Alexander Veber, PhD

Infrared Beamline IRIS

Helmholtz-Zentrum Berlin für Materialien und Energie

Albert-Einstein-Strasse 15, 12489 Berlin

Phone:    +49 30 8062 13443


## my initial reply

Dear Alexander,

Before we proceed, I must stress that NbTES detectors are extremely fragile and liable to rupture if vacuum is created or broken too quickly. You must slowly release the vacuum BEFORE removing the window clamp in case of a slip and sudden pressure rise. That will break the detector. If this concerns you, please talk to us before proceeding.

Please find attached the solidworks files of the window flange – are you able to open them? If not, I’ll have to ask my colleagues to generate pdfs.

I will send a sketch with detector position etc. tomorrow or Monday.

Sorry for the delay.

~~[[2021-01-26]] send sketch of detector setup to [[AlexanderVerber]] of [[1927]] [[BESY]]~~

## my follow up reply [[2021-01-26]]
        
Dear Alexander,

Yes, the screws are M3.

Your NbTES detector has an f/4.5 Winston cone, with an 8mm diameter opening. This cone sits centrally (when cold) 57mm behind the back surface of the HDPE window.

I hope this helps you design your interface.

Do let me know if I can be of further assistance.


# wait

[[1927]] files sent, wait for response  ^18kqscy
