# 1909

tag state:              #ACTIVE
current work type:      [[support]]
last edit:              [[2021-01-14]]
last note:              awaiting helium for further cooldown
last action:            check back with [[ray-tsang]] on [[2021-01-28]]
description:            [[QFI/3BI]]: [[QFI/XBI]] in [[TK1840]]
customer:               [[zhiwa 1]] [[ray-tsang]]
                        installed in Chengdus

# Problems during installation

## email from [[ray-tsang]] on [[2020-11-17]]

From: Ray Tsang <zhiwa@netvigator.com> 
Sent: 17 November 2020 03:06
To: 'Ken Wood' <k.wood@terahertz.co.uk>; James Cox <j.cox@terahertz.co.uk>
Cc: Zhiwa <zhiwa@hkstar.com>
Subject: Chengdu detector system 

Hello Ken and James,

Hope you are well.   We sold attached system to Chengdu customer.   My business partner Berton installed the low temperature detectors with the end-user in Chengdu.   They installed the bottom plate very carefully and wiped the surface with absolute ethanol.    In order to keep the vacuum longer, they repeated it three times, they also added a small amount of vacuum ester on the O-ring.   They evacuated the vacuum to 5*10e-3pa after one night, and the vacuum dropped to 5*10e-2pa after standing for 36 hours. According to previous experience, Berton thinks the vacuum pumping speed is not fast enough, there should still be a leak.    Please help us evaluate whether the current sealing condition is normal, and whether it is necessary to reinstall it again?    If possible, then we will prepare canned liquid nitrogen and liquid helium and test the system. If not, please give us some suggestions for improvement.

Thank you.

Best regards
Ray

### my reply [[support-email]]

Hello Ray,

Thanks for your email. We’re all well here and hope you are too.

From your email it appears that Berton is being very thorough and careful with this installation. 

Am I correct in thinking that the sequence of events are these?

1.	System pumped out to 5e-3 Pa (5e-5 mbar)
2.	System removed from pump
3.	Leave for 36 hours
4.	Vacuum measured to be 5e-2 Pa (5e-4 mbar)

If that is the case, I wouldn’t be too worried about this vacuum loss over that length of time, but, if Berton has access to a helium leak checker he should use it. From your email I presume he doesn’t.

In this situation I would re-evacuate and precool with liquid nitrogen as per the instructions in the manual. Keep the cryostat on the pump during the precool. Disconnect from the pump before removing the nitrogen from the inner can. 

When the helium transfer is complete, keep an eye on the boil off and touch the OVC. If it is cold and condensing, you have got a leak. Is Berton able to measure the helium gas flow from the cryostat? 

Our systems are designed with safety in mind, so the only thing he needs to worry about is asphyxiating. Make sure the room he is transferring cryogens in and subsequently working in is well ventilated.

I hope this helps and do get in touch to let us know how he gets on.

NO REPLY

AND I followed up

## email from [[ray-tsang]] on [[2021-01-14]]

Sent: Thursday, January 14, 2021 9:08 AM
To: 'James Cox' <j.cox@terahertz.co.uk>
Cc: 'Zhiwa' <zhiwa@hkstar.com>
Subject: RE: Chengdu detector system 

Hello James,

Thank you for your e-mail.   After talking to the customer per your e-mail dated Nov.18th, I did not hear back from the customer.  I thought thing may be sorted out.  I will call the customer to find out.  

Best regards
Ray 

## email from [[ray-tsang]] [[2021-01-14]]

Hello James,

I speak to the customer.   Due to COVID, their works have been suspended.   They plan to have liquid helium ready this week and start the work again.

Best regards
Ray



[[2021-03-26 message from ray regarding 1909]]

[[1909_SkypeCall_2021-04-20]]
[[1909_skypecall_2021-04-23]]